what is up guys fruity scent when he be
here walking you to 18 of the season
marouane fellaini review so he plays for
Everton which are in the Barclays
Premier League and it comes from the
Belgium nation so we've got a few in
games that's up on the screen now but if
you wish to pause the video then please
do but I'm gonna start with his pace
right although his acceleration isn't
the best but for a die standing at his
high 79 / when his class night isn't bad
at all and in game I found that his
place didn't let him down in the
slightest so now on to his shooting his
class that suggesting he has an overall
shot of 82 and believe me this is such
an understatement get him anywhere in
the box and he won't power at home I
found it is long shots to be pretty good
as well but frustratingly i scored a
fantastic goldman didn't have it
recorded and for some reason wasn't on
the match highlights but anyway i'm a
real real fan of his shooting so now
moving on to his passing his in game
stats are all the way up in the high 90s
very good link-up player nice root balls
the very disordered part of the game and
so he should be with that 87 passed out
on his card now to cover his dribbling
he's very much a holdup sort of player
it suggests that he's got 87 dribbling
in game which or in all honesty I found
it hard to believe he basically felt
like a trig we're moving he's slow to
change direction but he can be
occasionally pretty good on the floor
with the offense to the right and left
and a sort of ball rolls but I wouldn't
suggest doing a sort of skill moves with
him his defense I've found to be pretty
good uses his strength and his ability
to take the ball off his opponents he's
got all the stats to be an insane CDM
but he's just lacking something in that
area whether or not it's his positioning
he just doesn't perform well in that
position so now moving on to his heading
what can I say being at a height of a
sort of lamppost and having decent
enough strength when contesting for the
ball it only means one thing hashtag
winning now but in all seriousness he's
got one of the best headers on the game
I found so now I've covered his pay
shipping defense and heading let's have
a look what Fellaini you did for me now
he was made to be a CDM with a high
defensive workrate and meet him
attacking sadly I found his position to
be dreadful in all honesty I played him
in a sort of a camera and he was lost if
I didn't force him into play he would
have got involved as much and I moved
him up
he set for position and see slightly
improved there but still the same i even
found him in left back position at times
like not what the hell seriously but his
best position i found to be CDM but i
just feel that he's wasted there he
strength the times felt a lot less than
ninety eight in game but overall i found
it to be a really really good player so
to finish this review up let's look at
some pros and cons and sapna the pros
fantastic in the air great shots good
pass and good to advance now on to the
ponds positioning letting down when
going forward dribbling at times was
very very sluggish and i couldn't
actually find his perfect position white
guy so to sum of the two review up i
would award marouane fellaini a rating
over 7.5 out of 10 so guys if you did
find this review beneficial please don't
forget to hit that like button and
please subscribe if you want to share
the content i'll be ever so grateful
I've been your boy through 10 20 p I
until tomorrow guys take it easy love
you pues